If only he were the guard's mother
Xiao Rui is recovering well after surgery
Six months later, I'll give him another operation.
Ok, thanks.
Oh Miss Zuo
I'd like to treat you to dinner alone
Do you have time later?
Oh, right.
This is for Rarity slowly.
I'm afraid of children fooling around
Just put it away
Keep it.
Eating it is good for Xiao Rui's illness
Manchu also suffers from external dampness syndrome
This fresh-keeping pill is specially prepared for him by me
But he looks healthy.
Just because it is full
So
I have been working on this research for several years
He has been eating and raising this fresh-keeping pill
It doesn't help if you don't get sick
I see.
Originally, I planned to configure a few bottles for Xiaorui as well.
It's just that there are a few flavors in this prescription
Medicinal materials are relatively rare
I'm going to send it to you by courier.
Full of usual ruthlessness towards this baby
No one will give
I didn't expect to be so generous to Xiao Rui
that
Go eat first
sit
sit miss
I want to apologize to you first.